Octopus ID (#508)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/authentication/octopusid-authentication.md

---
title: Octopus ID Authentication
description: Octopus Deploy can use Octopus accounts to identify users.
position: 7

> version: 2019.?.????

Reviewer: Should this be a real version, or are the `?`s intentional?

Reviewer 2: We don't really use version any more (the functionality still exists, but that's more for partials than anything else). I think we can remove the version from the YAML, and when/if there's a need to specify the version we can do so in the body of the text.

Author: Ah, thanks, I'll remove it then

---

:::hint
Octopus ID authentication is available only in **Octopus Cloud**
:::

> Octopus ID authentication allows you to log in to your Octopus hosted instance using your Octopus account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus ID authentication allows you to log in to your Octopus Cloud instance using the same account that you use to sign in at octopus.com.
```

> Support for Octopus ID will be progressively rolled out to Octopus Cloud, and configuration is handled by the hosted Octopus infrastructure so no user configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Octopus ID authentication will be progressively rolled out to Octopus Cloud instances, and configured automatically.

For more information about using your Octopus Cloud instance, see our [Octopus Cloud](https://octopus.com/docs/octopus-cloud) documentation.
```

> Support for Octopus ID will be progressively rolled out to Octopus Cloud, and configuration is handled by the hosted Octopus infrastructure so no user configuration is required.

Reviewer 2: minor grammar tweak:
```suggestion
Support for Octopus ID will be progressively rolled out to Octopus Cloud. Configuration for this feature is handled by the hosted Octopus infrastructure so no user configuration is required.
```
